Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
[music] Uh uh
[music] Uh
uh
[music]
Uhuh
At the summit of Bodhi Mountain is where the Great Stupa will be built, a
place of worship for Buddhist scriptures.
Good people practice the
teachings of the Buddhas, allowing them to increase their wisdom. The
chanting of scriptures for
the construction of the Stupa by the Buddhists
in the club took place very
solemnly. Everyone understood the
meaning of praising the merits and praying for the
auspicious circumstances to successfully build
this Great Stupa to proclaim the true
Dharma and benefit the world.
Uh uh uh uh uh
uh
[music]
Later, during the
chanting session, the members
of the club were further nurtured
in their understanding through the
Dharma sharing of the club leader. Yen is
here, guiding the congregation to contemplate the
abbot. What kind of karmic connection is it
that in this lifetime we are
building a stupa to worship?  Having recited the
sutras, the merit is not
small. It's not that there's no karmic
connection from past lives, no karmic cultivation,
no self-cultivation over many lifetimes,
using Prajna wisdom to cultivate, developing Bodhi mind,
seeking all-encompassing wisdom, seeking supreme
Bodhi. Now, for the sake of
all sentient beings, they build a stupa to enshrine the sutras, so that all
sentient beings can form connections, gain merit, and receive blessings. They can make offerings to the
stupa, receive
immeasurable blessings, and allow sentient beings to
worship daily under the recitation of the sutras for
the masses to practice and deeply understand. One must know
that this person's wisdom is not small, their
heart is not narrow, but
rather a great heart cultivating and seeking the
all-encompassing wisdom of the Buddha.
[music] [
music] The
journey of climbing Mount Ba Vang in
mindfulness has concluded, marking a
fortunate and auspicious beginning on the path of seeking the Dharma
for the Buddhist followers of the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club in the new year of Mau Tuat. May
everyone have the karmic connection to
conquer the Bodhi peak today, always together.
Together, we diligently practiced under the guidance
of our master and the monks of Ba Vang Pagoda,
and with the direction of
the club's leader, we achieved the
Bodhisattva practices and attained the ultimate enlightenment. [
Music]
[Music]